chore: Add mail multi tenancy documentation (#1854)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs-js/features/mail-client/mail-client.mdx

You can disable the parallelization by passing `parallel: false` as mentioned above.

:::

> ### Mutli-Tenancy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Multi-Tenancy
```

If you are trying to set up a multi-tenancy application, where subscriber tenants try to access a mail destination through their own SAP Cloud Connector (SCC), you have to include the user's JSON Web Token (JWT) in your call.

> An example, in which the incoming request contains the user's JWT, would look like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An example in which the incoming request contains the user's JWT looks like this:
```
